theme = gruvbox-material
font-family = GeistMono NFM
font-feature = -liga
font-thicken = true
font-size = 16
adjust-cell-width = -10%
adjust-cell-height = +10%
font-style-bold = false
font-style-italic = false
font-style-bold-italic  = false
cursor-style-blink = false
shell-integration-features = no-cursor
copy-on-select = true
mouse-hide-while-typing = true
confirm-close-surface = false
unfocused-split-opacity = 1
window-save-state = always
window-padding-color = extend
window-padding-x = 6
window-padding-y = 6
window-width = 1000
window-height = 1000
macos-titlebar-style = native
macos-titlebar-proxy-icon = hidden
macos-option-as-alt = true
